Update en model_load_save.md (#285)
Oneflow-Inc/oneflow-documentation: en/docs/basics_topics/model_load_save.md

Strictly speaking, we save the untrained model as `checkpoint` or `snapshot`. It is different from `model saving` of a completed model.

> However in Oneflow, no matter the model has been trained or not, we can use the same **interface** to save model. Thus, like the `model`、`checkpoint`、`snapshot` we see in other framework is no difference in OneFlow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However in Oneflow, despite the model has been trained or not, we can use the **same interface** to save model. Thus, like the `model`、`checkpoint`、`snapshot` we see in other framework is no difference in OneFlow.
```

> In OneFlow, there are interfaces for module saving and loading under the `flow.checkpoint`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OneFlow, there are interfaces for model saving and loading under the `flow.checkpoint`.
```
我发现中文版是“模”，应该为“模型”，请一并帮忙修改了。

### Initializer Setting

> In the previous sections, when we call `get_variable` and specify the method of initializing the parameters by `initializer`. In OneFlow, we provide many initializers which can be found in [oneflow](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous sections, when we call `get_variable`, we specify the method of initializing the parameters by `initializer`. In OneFlow, we provide many initializers which can be found in [oneflow](https://oneflow.readthedocs.io/en/master/oneflow.html).
```
原来的逗号没错吧？

> Under the static graph mechanism, parameter initialization is done automatically by the OneFlow framework after setting the `initializer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the static graph mechanism, we set the `initializer` first, and parameter initialization will be done by the OneFlow framework automatically.
```

> The `initializers` currently supported by OneFlow are listed below. Click on the links to see the relevant algorithms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `initializers` currently supported by OneFlow are listed below. Click it to see the details of algorithm:
```

## The Python Interface of OneFlow Models

We can use the following interfaces to get or update the value of the `variable` object created by `oneflow.get_variable` in job function.

- `oneflow.get_all_variables` : Get the `variable` of all job functions.
- `oneflow.load_variables` : Update the `variable` in  job function.

> `oneflow.get_all_variables` returns a dictionary whose key is the `name` specified when creating the `variable` and the value corresponding to the key is a tensor which has `numpy()` converted to a numpy array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`oneflow.get_all_variables` returns a dictionary whose key is the `name` specified when creating the `variable` and the value corresponding to the key is a tensor which has `numpy()` method to convert itself to a numpy array.
```
中文版的 "有 numpy()" 也请改为 “有 numpy() 方法"

> For example, creating an object named `myblob` is in the job function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, creating an object named `myblob`  in job function:
```

```python
@flow.global_function()
def job() -> tp.Numpy:
    ...
    myblob = flow.get_variable("myblob", 
        shape=(3,3), 
        initializer=flow.random_normal_initializer()
        )
    ...
```

If we want to print the value of `myblob`, we can call:

```python
...
for epoch in range(20):
    ...
    job()
    all_variables = flow.get_all_variables()
    print(all_variables["myblob"].numpy())
    ...
```

The `flow.get_all_variables` gets the dictionary and `all_variables["myblob"].numpy()` gets the `myblob` object then converts it to a numpy array.

> Instead of `get_all_variables`, we can use `oneflow.load_variables` to update the values of varialbe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contrary, we can use `oneflow.load_variables` to update the values of variable.
```

The prototype of `oneflow.load_variables` is as follows:

```python
def load_variables(value_dict, ignore_mismatch = True)
```

> Before using `load_variables`, we have to prepare a dictionary whose key is the `name` specified when creating `variable` and value is a numpy array. After passing the dictionary to `load_variables`, `load_variables` will find the variable object in the job function based on the key and update the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before call `load_variables`, we have to prepare a dictionary whose key is the `name` specified when creating `variable` and value is a numpy array. After passing the dictionary to `load_variables`, `load_variables` will find the variable object in the job function based on the key and update the value.
```

For example:

```python
@flow.global_function(type="predict")
def job() -> tp.Numpy:
    myblob = flow.get_variable("myblob", 
        shape=(3,3), 
        initializer=flow.random_normal_initializer()
        )
    return myblob

myvardict = {"myblob": np.ones((3,3)).astype(np.float32)}
flow.load_variables(myvardict)
print(flow.get_all_variables()["myblob"].numpy())
```

> Although we choose the `random_normal_initializer` initialization method, because `flow.load_variables(myvardict)` updates the value of `myblob`. The final output will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although we have chosen the `random_normal_initializer`  initializer,  `flow.load_variables(myvardict)` updates the value of `myblob`. The final output will be:
```

```text
[[1. 1. 1.]
 [1. 1. 1.]
 [1. 1. 1.]]
```

### Model Saving and Loading

> We can save or load the model by two methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can save or load the model by methods.
```

> - `oneflow.checkpoint.save` : Responsible for saving the current model to the specified path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oneflow.checkpoint.save` : Save the model to the specified path.
```

> - `oneflow.checkpoint.get` :  Import a model from the specified path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oneflow.checkpoint.get` :  Load a model from the specified path.
```

> The prototype of `save` is as follows which saves the model to the path specified by `path`.

Reviewer: prototype 一律用 signature 代替，其它地方请自检

```python
def save(path, var_dict=None)
```

> The optional parameter `var_dict` saves the object specified in `var_dict` to the specified path if it is not `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the optional parameter `var_dict` is not `None`, `save` will save the object specified in `var_dict` to the specified `path` .
```

The prototype of `get` is as follows which loads the previously saved model specified by the `path`.

```python
def get(path)
```

It will return a dictionary that can be updated into the model using the `load_variables`. 

```python
flow.load_variables(flow.checkpoint.get(save_dir))
```

Attention：

> - The path specified by the `save` should either not exist or empty. Otherwise `save` will report an error (to prevent overwriting the original saved model)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The path specified by the `save` should either be empty or not existed. Otherwise `save` will report an error (to prevent overwriting the existed saved model)
```

- OneFlow models are stored in a specified path in a certain structure. See the storage structure of OneFlow models below for more details.
- Although there is no limit to the frequency of `save` in OneFlow. But excessive saving frequency will increase the load on resources such as disk and bandwidth.

> ## The Structure of OneFlow Model Saving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Structure of OneFlow Saved Model
```

- Load some of the parameters from original model
- Initialize the other part of parameters in model 

> We can use `oneflow.load_variables` to do the operation above. Here is a simple example to illustrate the concept.

Reviewer: We can use `oneflow.load_variables` to complete the process above.
